cloud: update doc and release note for the column name rule of uploading csv files (#13653)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-import-local-files.md

    - If the target table already exists, the columns in the CSV file will be imported into the target table in order. Extra columns will be truncated and missing columns will be filled with default values. You can also select the **Ignore the first row** option to ignore the first row and start importing from the second row.

    - If you need TiDB Cloud to create the target table, input the name for each column. The column name must meet the following requirements:

>         * The name must be composed of only letters (a-z and A-Z), numbers (0-9), characters (such as Chinese and Japanese), and the underscore (`_`) character.
>         * Other special characters other than `_` are not supported.
>         * The column name must start with letters (a-z and A-Z), numbers (0-9), or characters (such as Chinese and Japanese).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * The name must be composed of only letters (a-z and A-Z), numbers (0-9), characters (such as Chinese and Japanese), and the underscore (`_`) character.
        * Other special characters other than `_` are not supported.
        * The length of the name should less than 65 characters.
```

Reviewer 2: Or "Special characters other than `_` are not supported." to avoid using two "other" in one sentence.
